CNV-38746: Added known issue to 4.14 release notes (#91251)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-14-release-notes.adoc

//4.14 leave in per Dan K
* You cannot run {VirtProductName} on a single-stack IPv6 cluster. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2193267[*BZ#2193267*])

//CNV-38746

> * When you update from {product-title} 4.12 to a newer minor version, VMs that use the `cnv-bridge` Container Network Interface (CNI) fail to live migrate. (link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7069807[])

Reviewer: Something is confusing here:
The bug talks about 4.12->4.14 EUS upgrade, but the doc says 
```
update from {product-title} 4.12 to a newer minor version
```
which implies the problem will also occur when directly upgrading from 4.12 to 4.13.
But according to the [4.13 docs](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/virtualization/virtual-machines#virt-creating-linux-bridge-nad-cli_virt-attaching-vm-multiple-networks), `cnv-bridge` type is still supported on 4.13 NADs.
Although this doc is a 4.14-specific release note, saying `4.12 to a newer minor version` implies 4.13 as well.

Author: @yossisegev I had the same question. See @phoracek's [comment](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/91251#discussion_r2019015380) above.

> * When you perform a Control Plane Only update from {product-title} 4.12 to an even-numbered minor version, VMs that use the `cnv-bridge` Container Network Interface (CNI) fail to live migrate. (link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7069807[])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When you perform a Control Plane Only update from {product-title} 4.12 to newer version, VMs that use the `cnv-bridge` Container Network Interface (CNI) fail to live migrate. (link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7069807[])
```

I think it is for any upgrade. Should we add this release note to all releases? If somebody plans an upgrade from 4.12 all the way to 4.18, they may miss some release notes.

Once 4.12 is EOL and its documentation is taken offline, we can remove the release note from everywhere

Author: I am confused because the Jira description says that it is an [EUS-to-EUS](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.14/html-single/updating_clusters/index#control-plane-only-update) update.

The way our release notes files are set up, I will need to create separate PRs for each version. I was planning to do that after the content is approved here.

Author: Oh okay. How about deleting the reference to EUS update and changing the text to:

> 
When you update  from {product-title} 4.12 to a newer version, VMs that use the `cnv-bridge` Container Network Interface (CNI) fail to live migrate. 
>

Author: @phoracek Wll the above phrasing work?
